Book My Workshop is a web application created with the theme of smart education. Whenever workshops are being conducted the news about it is generally restricted to that specific institute where it is being conducted and some special labs are present in only some institutes and the other students do not know about them. Moreover, in the covid scenario, the entire education system has switched to an online mode where it became difficult for students of design education, chemical engineering, electrical engineering, and many other branches. So keeping all these situations in mind we have created an online platform where the students can book slots for the labs/workshops that will be conducted in the nearby institutes so that they can continue their studies and also learn new things. So in this application, there are two types of users namely students and faculty. Here the faculty is an administrator of a particular institute who can give information about conducting a lab/workshop in that institute by creating a new post in the application and providing basic details like the topic of the lab/workshop, date, and time to conduct the workshop, the number of seats provided, amount of each seat and some basic information about the lab/workshop. After the post is created the student can see all the posts and can book a slot for any lab/workshop based on his/her interest. A slot is booked only after the entire payment process is completed. After the lab/workshop is conducted at the institute students have to fill out a review form that contains various questions on how the lab/workshop is conducted. Based on the review given, ratings will be provided to the faculty.
